Update GitHub release issue templates (#17067)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/patch_release.md

   - Update version references in the documentation. Refer to [this PR](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/17065/files) for an example.
   - Version Updates Checklist:
     - [ ] **Update `OrchardCore.Commons.props`**: Set `<VersionSuffix></VersionSuffix>` to prevent preview build numbers. Ensure `VersionPrefix` matches the released version.
     - [ ] **Update Module Versions**: Modify `src/OrchardCore/OrchardCore.Abstractions/Modules/Manifest/ManifestConstants.cs` as needed.
     - [ ] **Release Notes**: Finalize release notes in the documentation, including:
       - Highlights and goals of the release.
       - Prerequisites for running the new version.
       - Upgrade steps and any breaking changes.
     - [ ] **Update Documentation Navigation**: Add the release notes page to `mkdocs.yml` navigation and remove it from `not_in_nav`.
     - [ ] **Version Mentions**: Update all references to the new version throughout the documentation, including:
       - [Status in the root README](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/#status)
       - CLI templates and commands.

>        - Relevant guides, such as the [Creating a new decoupled CMS Website](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/guides/decoupled-cms/) guide.

Reviewer: It would be better to have the same in the other template too.

Author: done

   - **Important**: DO NOT resolve conflicts using GitHub's interface; use other tools (e.g., Fork) to manage conflicts and avoid auto-merging main into the release branch. Resolving conflicts using GitHub will automatically merge main into the release branch which MUST be avoided.
   - Once conflicts are resolved, merge the PR into main.

## Step 5: Housekeeping

- [ ] Assign the milestone of the release version to the issue.
- [ ] Close any remaining issues for this version or assign them to the next release.

## Step 6: Validation

1. **Check Functionality**: Ensure that the [`OrchardCore.Samples`](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore.Samples) works as expected.
2. **Test Guides**: Test the following guides with NuGet packages from the Cloudsmith feed:
   - [Creating a modular ASP.NET Core application](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/guides/create-modular-application-mvc/)
   - [Creating an Orchard Core CMS website](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/guides/create-cms-application/)
   - [Creating a new decoupled CMS Website](https://docs.orchardcore.net/en/latest/guides/decoupled-cms/)

## Step 7: Publicize the Release

> 1. Announce the new release:
>    - [ ] Tweet using the Orchard-Core-X-Twitter project.
>    - [ ] Post in the [Orchard Core LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/13605669/).
>    - [ ] Share on the [Orchard Core Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/OrchardCore/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Post about the release to X via [the Orchard Core X (Twitter) repo](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/Orchard-Core-X-Twitter).
- [ ] Post in the [Orchard Core LinkedIn group](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/13605669/).
- [ ] Share on the [Orchard Core Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/OrchardCore/).
```
